dude I was at WrestleMania this year you
weren't i was there were you want thank
you I retained by the way I don't
remember it too much because I was
concussed really had a concussion and
everyone's like you know that what's
been the most amazing time ever I mean
your main event in WrestleMania you're
in there with John Cena in the rock to
the biggest icon in the WWE ever and
then you actually win the WWE Champion
retain it at WrestleMania not at russell
me that should be a moment that you
remember for a lifetime and I'm like I
wish I could remember but I don't
remember anything let's hope that you
remember tonight yes I definitely will i
mean i've been i've been a Cleveland
Indians man all my life my name is to
take me to the Cleveland Municipal
Stadium okay five bucks we would have
front row seats because there's 80,000
seats in there you can just buy tickets
and nobody was really there and then and
then now being able to literally like
come here and be a progressive stadium
and literally be able to go on the mound
and pitch is incredible well since you
are like why did you bring your glove
I'm like are you kidding me why are your
people more people bring in their gloves
I'm right I need to warm up I'm ready to
go I'm going to bring the heat the way I
see it is I want to pitch the ball so
good that in the first pitch that they
go listen we want this guy to start yeah
we want this guy to start well since you
are the most must CWB superstar of all
time that makes this the most must-see
interview of all time could not agree
with you more and I think it's actually
more like this interview is awesome it's
awesome what is that it's only shirt on
everything it's got to be this Austin
you can wear this kind of stuff am I
allowed to say awesome during an
interview with you allow you to do it
but slider right behind you out have you
prepared for this pitch i have i've been
i've been throwing the ball a little bit
here and there and i'm debating whether
i want to get the heater or my split
finger I've got a mean six split finger
that people who look like whoa Meza the
direction isn't as good and right now
I'm Oprah one in basically pitching
strikes and I'm nit picky about my
strikes Marty Cain was my coach at
Normandy high school and he would always
make me if you got a pitch strikes got a
picture I just got a big strikes and my
first pitch at the LA Dodgers was a ball
granite was for the LA Dodgers so what
can you do
this is home this home base and you've
done what LeBron could not do yes he
brought a championship to Cleveland I
brought the championship the Indians
haven't done sorry eyes I've done with
browns haven't done the Cavs haven't
done what LeBron said he was going to do
but then took his talents to South Beach
I didn't take my talents to south I
brought the championship to Cleveland
that's right and a lot of people are
very proud that you're representing
Cleveland yes I I will always represent
leave her like well why don't you say
you know you're from Los Angeles to do a
cool City I'm like reasons the coolest
city on earth jerks I want to ask you
before we wrap this up wrestling fans
are loving it what do you think of the
CM Punk storyline I think it's one of
the best storylines I've seen ever in
the WWE in the history of the WWE it's
real it's up front and CM Punk is just
one of those characters that literally
you never know what he's going to do
next and that's what makes you want to
watch what he's going to do I mean fans
are eating this up are you guys
backstage like huddle around the TV's
watching it as well I think everyone's
watching this whole thing it's so
interesting I mean Triple H comes along
and takes over Vince McMahon's job then
CM Punk comes back last Monday night on
Raw and it's just each week it's just
getting better and better and if the way
I see it is the more people talk about
it more people going to watch WWE so
more people are going to watch me and
stay tuned to see what I'm going to do
next so that's the way I see it on a
scale of 1 to 10 how awesome was this
interview this interview on a scale from
one to ten because I was in it was above
and beyond was infinity how about that
was in foul awesomeness Wow all right
miss appreciate your time always
remember that is so mean I am awesome